Updates Automatic Migration to add QRadar support (#4673)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/get-started/automatic-migration.md

   | table id, title, search, description, action.escu.eli5,
   ```

   For rule migration, we recommend against downloading all searches (for example with `| rest /servicesNS/-/-/saved/searches`) because much of the data would be irrelevant to asset migration.
   ::::

5. Select your JSON file and click **Upload**. If the file is large, you can separate it into multiple parts and upload them individually to avoid exceeding your LLM's context window.

6. After you upload your assets, Automatic Migration detects whether they use any macros, lookups, reference sets, or MITRE mappings. If so, follow the instructions which appear to export and upload them. Alternatively, you can complete this step later—however, some of your migrated assets will have a `partially translated` status. If you upload them now, you don't have to stay on this page—a notification appears when processing is complete.

> 7. Click **Translate** to start the rule translation process. The **Start rules migration** popup appears. Use the dropdown menu to select which AI connector to use. For rule migrations there is a **Match to Elastic prebuilt rules** option (on by default); when it's on, any migrated rules that are similar to an Elastic prebuilt rule are converted to those prebuilt rules (this uses fewer tokens). When it's off, each rules is converted into a new custom rule. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Translate** to start the rule translation process. 
8. From the **Start rules migration** popup, select an AI connector from the menu. For rule migrations, the **Match to Elastic prebuilt rules** option (on by default) converts any migrated rules that are similar to an Elastic prebuilt rule to those prebuilt rules (this uses fewer tokens). When off, each rule is converted into a new custom rule. 
```

Just a suggestion because this felt like its own action. Feel free to adjust/ignore any wording changes.

### Finalize translated rules and view rule details

> To install any rules that were partially translated or not translated, you must first edit them. Optionally, you can also edit rules that were successfully translated to finetune them.

Author: Yeah it would be like editing the ESQL in the rule query. Should be pretty intuitive.
